Tsuushimi Ttei-oomon-myur-ni Kano-ировать-You-The- Molestation of the Off softly ‑ of the
names of John,
We must be careful not to get sick.
In short, the education and training of the people on this aspect is insufficient,
so it is up to the public to communicate with the election, which is the most important part of the constitution,
that it has caused some damage.
If there is no place to renew it now,
we, the people, will not be sorry even if we stand against the Emperor Meiji.
Those who, along with the happiness of the people,
are over the border of the empire,
must first make the most correct election,
and must work to send a large number of silver to the Parliament.
The damage of the first vote is truly the damage to the country.
We are the ones who are responsible for the nationality by this fair vote,
and we should make the election based on the belief that only by this election
we can answer the public with a great heart.
However, it is not easy to break this peace for the past 50 years,
but for the sake of the people of Japan, who have been working for the country for 3,000 years,
we must make the most of it.
We are the ones who sincerely hope that the sun of this
celebration will not be broken by the honor of the people of Japan.